[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Luffy had intended to
win a tournament that
promised the Flame Flame
Fruit to the champion,
but abandoned that plan when
Law was captured by Doflamingo.
Now, he rushes to
the palace to save him.
Keep heading up, okay?
It doesn't matter how
we get there, right?
--[LUFFY yells]
--[VIOLET gasps]
What are you doing?
That should work.
[GLADIUS]
Huh? Where did they go?
[KYROS] Well, that certainly
was effective, wasn't it?
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile,
Usopp and the Tontatta Tribe
have teamed up to defeat
Sugar and restore those
who have been
transformed into toys.
You're still going for this?
[LEO] The commander
placed his faith in us
to make Sugar pass out.
So I'm gonna carry out my duty!
Doce Fleurs!
[gasps]
I don't know how long
I can hold her--
You need to put the
grape in her mouth now!
[ROBIN gasps]
[gasps]
You've caused us
enough trouble, 'kay?
[LEO gasps]
[chuckles] You didn't actually
think you could beat us?
[LUFFY] "A Liar!
Usoland on the Run!"
Whoa, what the hell's
going on over there?
They said we've got intruders.
But we've also got Master
Trebol, so no big deal!
Those Poor bastards.
Once you get on his bad side,
then you're as good as dead.
[TREBOL chuckles]
Would you guys
stay down already?
Jeez! Y'wanna die?
I dropped my guard.
I've been turned into a toy.
That means everyone
has forgotten about me.
[ROBIN]
Usopp! Where did you go?
There's nothing
I can do anymore.
It's all up to you now.
Whatever it takes,
you have to find a way!
[FRANKY yelling]
[MARINE A] Now's our chance!
Shoot him dead!
[DELLINGER]
Hey! Cut it out!
If anyone gets to
kill him, it's me!
Don't be greedy!
Just give yourself up, Franky.
Or we'll fire until you're dead!
You kidding me?
Why don't you shut the hell up?
Listen up, losers!
I'm gonna go nuts and
wreck this place all day long!
Don't ask me why!
[MARINES]
What?
[FRANKY] If I go underground
with these chumps chasing me,
it's just gonna make things
worse for the Little People.
I'm leaving Operation S.O.P.
in your hands, bros.
Gimme everything you got!
[MARINES scream]
[FRANKY] Do your thing,
Usoland. I got your back.
[LUFFY] Hey! How long are
these guys gonna take?
[VIOLET gasps]
What's wrong? You're looking
a little bit pale.
The Tontatta ran into Trebol.
All of them have been defeated.
Nothing but
destruction everywhere.
Oh no.
One of my crewmates
should be with them right now.
Yes, he has a huge nose.
[KYROS]
Usoland!
But it's not good.
[LUFFY] Don't worry. He'll take
care of things. I promise.
Huh?
If Usopp's there,
everything'll be all right.
It's funny.
Why were they trying so hard
to make me eat this grape?
Prob'ly poison, huh?
It certainly smells terrible.
[LEO] I can't do it.
I can't fight any more.
And don't worry!
If anything goes wrong, I'll
jump in and take over, okay?
[LEO]
Usoland...
Why didn't they run away? Move!
What happened? Come back!
I made it! Goodbye, Tontattas!
I'm sorry, but I wanna live!
[ROBIN] Usopp! Where did
you go? We need you!
Oh, hey! How 'bout
I write a book
to tell future generations
how brave you are?
"The Honest Tontattas."
I've got a name already!
Good thing I'm alive, huh?
All of this is
Franky's fault, anyway!
Why didn't he come here to help?
I won't let myself get killed
just 'cause you guys think
I'm some legendary hero!
Okay, I got away
from the bad guys,
but I still need to find a way
outta this stupid place!
Prob'ly can't worm my
way through that tunnel
without them carrying me, huh?
Oh, wait! They said that
there was a lift, didn't they?
[TREBOL] Hey, hey,
can everybody hear me?
[USOPP gasps]
This isn't a show!
I hope you're not
just standing there!
You didn't stop working,
did you? [chuckles]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Aw crap!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B]
Get back to work!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE D]
Move those boxes!
What are you doing, stupid?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE F]
Hurry up, or else!
[TOY MAN B] Someone's standing
up to the Don Quixote Family?
I've been a toy for eight years
and I haven't seen
this happen once!
Whoever you are, good luck!
Burn it all down!
"Standing around"?
I'm getting the hell
out of this place!
[SUGAR] What should we
do with all of them?
[TREBOL]
Hmm.
...soland.
Sugar, hey.
Are they saying something?
Sounds like it's...
[SUGAR]
Hm?
[DWARF B]
U...
[DWARF BB]
...so...
[DWARF C]
...land...
[DWARF CC]
Uso...
Usoland...
Uso... [groans]
Usoland, please...
Oh, c'mon lift!
Where did they hide you?
Usoland, please...
Usoland...
[DWARVES]
Usoland... Usoland...
Who's "Usoland"?
Tell me who's helping
you already, 'kay?
You mean Usoland?
They said that name
before, didn't they?
Run away, run away!
[DWARVES]
Usoland...
Usoland, help.
Usoland, please.
--You guys...
--Usoland.
Usoland. Usoland.
--Please...
--Usoland.
Usoland!
[TOY MAN C]
What's an Usoland?
[USOPP] I'm trying to run away!
Could you stop that?
What's going on here?
Who the heck is Usoland?
Oh, come on.
It's a friend of
the Tontatta, remember?
You already asked them once.
Moron. Just die.
Ahh! Only if you
die first! [laughs]
I hate you.
[TREBOL laughs]
Just die.
Drop dead.
[TREBOL laughs]
[panting]
He won't lose to you.
Usoland is our hero!
[TREBOL chuckles]
Oh, your hero?
So, he's gonna come and
rescue you any second now?
He sure will!
We weren't quite strong enough.
But that's all right.
He'll fix everything.
He'll save this kingdom.
He'll rescue the toys who
are forced to slave away
day after day at this port.
[TOY MAN D]
Hm?
[TOY MAN E]
He's talking about us!
[LEO] And he'll reunite
us with our friends
who are held captive
at the factory.
He'll restore all the toys
who are forced to
put on a happy face.
He'll dry the tears and
vanquish the darkness
they have buried
in their hearts.
And the poor Big People,
who don't even know
what they've lost,
will be reunited
with their loved ones.
And he'll save us, too.
That's why I'm not afraid.
'Cause we have a
real hero on our side!
What a waste of time.
Is that all you have to say?
[LEO gasps]
[USOPP] I don't need to
be a hero! No thank you!
I almost feel
sorry for you guys.
Your big hero lied to you.
[DWARVES]
What?
Too bad! Looks like you
saps got fooled again!
[DWARF H]
You really think so?
Even though you're all beat up,
this Usoland guy still
isn't coming to save you!
That says it all, doesn't it?
You think a real hero
would leave you like this?
Huh? Do you?
But he told us he'd
help us if things got bad!
But he's not helping--
I bet he's off somewhere
laughing at you right now!
[DWARVES gasp]
[TREBOL chuckles]
Since you guys are so honest,
I'm sure you're not
making all this up.
Just like you said, I bet
there's some coward out there
who told you he'd make
everything right somehow.
Whoever the heck he is.
But I also bet he chickened out
as soon as things looked bad,
so you might as well
give up hope!
[USOPP]
Sorry, but he's right!
If you want some advice,
do like Usoland and
get the hell out of here!
[laughing]
[BOTH]
It can't be!
Huh?
[TREBOL]
[LEO]
Shut up.
He'll show you!
Usoland will save us because
our hero doesn't lie!
[LEO] Usoland will save us
because our hero doesn't lie!
[LEO panting]
Do you know what he said?
[USOPP] Believe it nor not,
I'm a descendant of Noland!
[DWARVES]
Awesome!
He knew about Noland.
So when he tells us he'll save
the day, then we believe him!
And that means you're
gonna be sorry real soon!
That's right!
[DWARF O]
He'll be here!
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
[DWARVES yelling]
[LEO]
A hero would never lie to us!
Because a hero will
always keep his word!
[LEO] So you'd better
stop insulting Usoland,
or you're really gonna pay!
[panting]
[TREBOL]
Hmm?
Hmm...
[pants] What is it? If you're
gonna laugh, better do it now!
Once Usoland gets here,
then you're gonna cry!
Pigya!
[laughs] He said "pigya"!
That's funny!
So that's what you say
when you die, huh? "Pigya"!
[BOBOMBA]
Leo!
[TREBOL laughs]
Listen. What Leo said was true.
Usoland is on his way!
He'll carry out Operation S.O.P,
and he'll save all the Tontatta!
--[thud]
--Pigya!
[DWARF T]
Go ahead!
Huh?
Be as cruel as you like!
But soon enough-- Pigya!
[DWARF U]
Pigya!
[DWARF V]
Come on. Give up already!
[DWARF W]
Pigya!
When all hope seems lost,
then our hero will--
[DWARVES]
Pigya!
[TREBOL laughing]
Then go ahead and call him!
Let's see this hero of yours!
[DWARF AC]
Pigya!
[DWARF AD]
[DWARF AE]
Pigya!
[DWARF AF]
[DWARF AG]
Pigya!
[DWARF AH]
[DWARF AI]
Pigya!
[TOY MAN H]
Aw man, that sounds really bad.
[DWARF EE]
Pigya!
[DWARF AK]
Stop it! Stop it!
Run away!
Enough already! I'm here!
[USOPP panting]
It's Usoland!
[DWARVES]
Usoland is here!
I knew he'd save us.
Usopp! You can do it!
[USOPP] What the hell is
wrong with you?
Why do you all trust me
so much, you little idiots?
You deserve to be crushed!
[DWARVES]
What?!
[USOPP] Trebol was right!
Everything I told you was a lie!
[DWARVES]
What?!
In the first place,
my name's not Usoland!
And I'm not a
legendary hero, okay?
[DWARVES]
What?!
[USOPP]
I'm from the Straw Hat crew.
And my name is Usopp!
The invincible sniper!
I'm a pirate!
[TOY MAN I]
He's from the Straw Hats?
[TOY MAN J]
What are they doing here?
You're wrong. Why would you
say something like that?
[LEO] Even if you're a pirate,
you still can be a hero!
A pirate's a pirate,
okay? Not a hero!
[USOPP]
I already told you I was lying!
Give it up! Don't make me
repeat myself!
Stop having so much faith
in me--it's pointless!
[DWARVES crying]
Wow, that's funny.
You came all the way
back here just to say that?
To let 'em know that
you tricked them? [laughs]
[USOPP]
That's right.
Otherwise, those fools would
wait for me 'til they die!
[USOPP]
If that happened,
I wouldn't be able
to sleep at night.
So I wanted to thank them for
believing in a guy like me.
If I have to sacrifice
myself for them, that's fine!
That's much cooler
than running away!
I'm Usopp, you hear me?
You better remember
my name, Tontattas!
If I die here, fighting for you,
you gotta build a statue
of me next to Noland's!
You asked for a hero?
Well, sit back and watch,
because I'm about to
become one right now!
[DWARVES gasp]
Usopp, I...
[TOY MAN K]
Usopp, from the Straw Hats.
[TOY MAN L] You think he's
actually gonna save us?
After all this time?
[laughs] Just give up.
I'll take my chances, thanks.
Kill him.
[TREBOL]
Obviously!
[USOPP]
Special Attack.
Green Star! Platanus!
[TREBOL yells]
Shuriken!
[TREBOL]
Huh?
[DWARVES cheer]
How do you like that?
Now that's how
a legendary hero does it!
Let's hear it for the
sniper of the Straw Hats.
Captain Usopp!
[DWARVES]
Usoland, our hero!
[USOPP]
No, Usopp!
[DWARVES]
Usoland, our hero!
[USOPP] Look, it's "Usopp,"
you little bastards!
[DWARVES]
The legendary hero, Usoland!
[NARRATOR] Years ago,
in the Kingdom of Dressrosa,
there was a savage warrior who
was feared like a wild beast.
His name was Kyros.
When he crossed paths
with King Riku,
the long-forgotten tale of a
legendary gladiator was born.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Fateful Encounter!
Kyros and King Riku!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!